thanks for watching this video brought
to you by a paid sponsorship for the
deck of minis humble wood campaign
setting here you go for quick reference
page 250 of the dmg has rules for mob
combat nonny
yeah Heidi's mugs a mess now yeah
through not that kind but like a group
of NPCs yeah oh nice action economy you
got here wait no shame they're [__]
them shut up like a bunch of enemy NPCs
like a mob of enemy NPCs like monsters
or orcs or whatever but did forget the
hats so if you want to resolve a bunch
of NPC attacks quickly instead of
rolling an attack for each creature
determine the minimum d20 role a
creature or creatures need in order to
hit a target by subtracting their attack
bonus from the targets AC you'll need to
refer to this number throughout the
battle so it's best to write it down now
look up the minimum d20 role needed on
the mob attacks table in the dmg the
table shows you how many creatures that
need that die roll or higher must attack
a target together in order for them to
get a hit if that many creatures attack
the target their combined efforts result
in one of them hitting the target of
attacking creatures deal different
amounts of damage assume that the
creature that deals the most damage
is the one that hits if a creature has
multiple attacks with the same attack
bonus assume that it hits once with each
of those attacks if a creatures attacks
have different attack bonuses resolve
each of those attacks separately I would
also group enemies by their to hit bonus
and obviously multiple sets of creatures
can hit the target at once thanks for
watching this animated spell book
brought to you by the humble wood dotnet
campaign settings new miniatures there
are seven sets in total but they're
currently running a limited set of the
aspect of fire link in the description
bye bye
[Music]
you